Updated package.json and CHANGELOG for release 4.0.1 (#24)
blackbaud/skyux-data-manager: CHANGELOG.md

> # 4.0.1 (20201-01-15)

Reviewer: `20201` ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# 4.0.1 (2021-01-15)
```

> - Changed the `SkyDataManagerColumnPickerSortStrategy` export to be referencable. [#22](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-data-manager/pull/22)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the `SkyDataManagerColumnPickerSortStrategy` export to be referenceable. [#22](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-data-manager/pull/22)
```
